in the air with Cindy seaplane the plane
can see an experience a lot of exciting
things from the air today you'll follow
Cindy on the flight over the city
keep your eyes open there are many
things you can see from above are you
ready here we go
now our plight is done do you remember
what we saw why what the dick to do was
the out for a walk in the woods did he
look at the flowers was he waiting by
the railroad oh did it dig a hole oh
great
Big C dug a hole let's do another one
why what did i recite scream do did she
drive from the zoo did she look for fish
in the stream did she talk to fisherman
Fred or did she play with Willy and
Harry oh just right I was taught the
fisherman Fred one more why what did the
crocodile do did he go by train was he
out first win did he talk to zoo thee
or was he standing on a balcony yes of
course
the crocodile was out for a swim Cindy
thank you for the flight good work